README.md, before:

# STUDY iOS w/ Adam
I'm live streaming my studying of StackOverflow's list of 'iOS Documentation' topics. M-F 8pm EST. Feel free to come join me. Code samples here as well as topics covered below.

Here's the [Youtube Live](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd_xY3nvW8VwehHWzTAicHw/live)

-	[x]	[Getting started with iOS](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/Getting-Started-with-iOS)
-	[x]	[UILabel](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/UILabel)
- [x] [Drag and Drop 101](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/Drag-and-Drop-Basics)
-	[ ]	[UIStackView](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/UIStackView)
-	[ ]	Auto Layout
-	[ ]	Passing Data between View Controllers
-	[ ]	UIColor
-	[ ]	UIView
-	[ ]	Custom UIViews from XIB files
-	[ ]	UITableView
-	[ ]	Push Notifications
-	[ ]	UIImageView
-	[ ]	UIAlertController
-	[ ]	UILocalNotification
-	[ ]	MVP Architecture
-	[ ]	UICollectionView
-	[ ]	UIImage
-	[ ]	Change Status Bar Color
-	[ ]	XCTest framework - Unit Testing
-	[ ]	UIBezierPath
-	[ ]	UIWebView
-	[ ]	UIScrollView
-	[ ]	NSDate
-	[ ]	NSNotificationCenter
-	[ ]	CAAnimation
-	[ ]	GCD (Grand Central Dispatch)
-	[ ]	Universal Links
-	[ ]	CAGradientLayer
-	[ ]	Debugging Crashes
-	[ ]	Fastlane
-	[ ]	UITextField
-	[ ]	Internationalization
-	[ ]	UITabBarController
-	[ ]	Core Location
-	[ ]	3D Touch
-	[ ]	NSUserDefaults
-	[ ]	UIGestureRecognizer
-	[ ]	Background Modes
-	[ ]	Accessibility
-	[ ]	ARC (Automatic Reference Counting)
-	[ ]	NSTimer
-	[ ]	CALayer
-	[ ]	Managing the Keyboard
-	[ ]	iOS 10 Speech Recognition API
-	[ ]	App Transport Security (ATS)
-	[ ]	Alamofire
-	[ ]	Guideline to choose best iOS Architecture Patterns
-	[ ]	SiriKit
-	[ ]	Keychain
-	[ ]	MKMapView
-	[ ]	Face Detection
-	[ ]	AppDelegate
-	[ ]	MVVM
-	[ ]	Core Graphics
-	[ ]	NSAttributedString
-	[ ]	UINavigationController
-	[ ]	UISearchController
-	[ ]	Checking iOS version
-	[ ]	PDFs
-	[ ]	UITextView
-	[ ]	Custom fonts
-	[ ]	Safari Services
-	[ ]	UIPickerView
-	[ ]	CAShapeLayer
-	[ ]	UIDevice
-	[ ]	GameplayKit
-	[ ]	Handling URL Schemes
-	[ ]	UIAppearance
-	[ ]	Key Value Coding-Key Value Observation
-	[ ]	NSURLSession
-	[ ]	UIPageViewController
-	[ ]	Dynamic Type
-	[ ]	UISwitch
-	[ ]	CGContext Reference
-	[ ]	UIBarButtonItem
-	[ ]	UIActivityViewController
-	[ ]	UIViewController
-	[ ]	Categories
-	[ ]	plist iOS
-	[ ]	Block
-	[ ]	NSPredicate
-	[ ]	Swift and Objective-C interoperability
-	[ ]	UIFont
-	[ ]	Load images async
-	[ ]	Codable
-	[ ]	UIFeedbackGenerator
-	[ ]	UITableViewCell
-	[ ]	Runtime in Objective-C
-	[ ]	ModelPresentationStyles
-	[ ]	Application rating/review request
-	[ ]	Handle Multiple Environment using Macro
-	[ ]	WCSessionDelegate
-	[ ]	Configure Beacons with CoreBluetooth
-	[ ]	CLLocation
-	[ ]	Security
-	[ ]	Profile with Instruments
-	[ ]	UISegmentedControl
-	[ ]	SqlCipher integration
-	[ ]	Segues
-	[ ]	EventKit
-	[ ]	NSBundle
-	[ ]	Snapshot of UIView
-	[ ]	FacebookSDK
-	[ ]	Resizing UIImage
-	[ ]	Navigation Bar
-	[ ]	Make selective UIView corners rounded
-	[ ]	UUID (Universally Unique Identifier)
-	[ ]	Size Classes and Adaptivity
-	[ ]	Custom Keyboard
-	[ ]	UI Testing
-	[ ]	AirPrint tutorial in iOS
-	[ ]	NSHTTPCookieStorage
-	[ ]	UISlider
-	[ ]	Healthkit
-	[ ]	Concurrency
-	[ ]	UIImagePickerController
-	[ ]	In-App Purchase
-	[ ]	iBeacon
-	[ ]	UIButton
-	[ ]	Deep Linking in iOS
-	[ ]	NSData
-	[ ]	AVPlayer and AVPlayerViewController
-	[ ]	Realm
-	[ ]	SWRevealViewController
-	[ ]	WKWebView
-	[ ]	CloudKit
-	[ ]	AWS SDK
-	[ ]	UISplitViewController
-	[ ]	IBOutlets
-	[ ]	Size Classes and Adaptivity
-	[ ]	AFNetworking
-	[ ]	CTCallCenter
-	[ ]	NSURL
-	[ ]	DispatchGroup
-	[ ]	UIControl - Event Handling with Blocks
-	[ ]	Checking for Network Connectivity
-	[ ]	AVSpeechSynthesizer
-	[ ]	Localization
-	[ ]	Core SpotLight in iOS
-	[ ]	Carthage
-	[ ]	CoreImage Filters
-	[ ]	FCM Messaging in Swift
-	[ ]	Create a Custom framework in iOS
-	[ ]	App wide operations
-	[ ]	AirDrop
-	[ ]	SLComposeViewController
-	[ ]	QR Code Scanner
-	[ ]	StoreKit
-	[ ]	App Submission Process
-	[ ]	Basic text file I/O
-	[ ]	UIStoryboard
-	[ ]	Content Hugging/Content Compression in Autolayout
-	[ ]	NSInvocation
-	[ ]	UIRefreshControl TableView
-	[ ]	UILabel text underlining
-	[ ]	MPMediaPickerDelegate
-	[ ]	Graph (Coreplot)
-	[ ]	Contacts Framework
-	[ ]	NSURLConnection
-	[ ]	Code signing
-	[ ]	Initialization idioms
-	[ ]	UIDatePicker
-	[ ]	Custom UITextField
-	[ ]	UIKit Dynamics
-	[ ]	Core Data
-	[ ]	Extension for rich Push Notification - iOS 10.
-	[ ]	Simulator Builds
-	[ ]	GameCenter Leaderboards
-	[ ]	Simulating Location Using GPX files iOS
-	[ ]	Custom methods of selection of UITableViewCells
-	[ ]	OpenGL
-	[ ]	NSArray
-	[ ]	Core Motion
-	[ ]	Simulator
-	[ ]	iOS TTS
-	[ ]	MKDistanceFormatter
-	[ ]	MPVolumeView
-	[ ]	Objective-C Associated Objects
-	[ ]	UIKit Dynamics with UICollectionView
-	[ ]	Cache online images
-	[ ]	Using Image Aseets
-	[ ]	NSUserActivity
-	[ ]	Storyboard
-	[ ]	Background Modes and Events
-	[ ]	Rich Notifications
-	[ ]	Creating an App ID
-	[ ]	UITextField Delegate
-	[ ]	URLSession
-	[ ]	Drag and Drop
-	[ ]	how to use instrument tool in xcode ide
-	[ ]	Vision
-	[ ]	ARKit
-	[ ]	CoreML
-	[ ]	NSUbiquitousKeyValueStore
-	[ ]	UIViewControllerTransitionCoordinator
-	[ ]	UITraitCollection
-	[ ]	CKReference
-	[ ]	CKFetchRecordsOperation
-	[ ]	CKFetchRecordZoneChangesOperation
-	[ ]	CKOperation
-	[ ]	CKFetchDatabaseChangesOperation
-	[ ]	UIAccessibility
-	[ ]	MPPlayableContentManager
-	[ ]	MKDirectionsRequest
-	[ ]	Port Forwarding In Ios
-	[ ]	Haptic feedback
-	[ ]	WatchConnectivity
-	[ ]	Multithreading and Grand Central Dispatch
-	[ ]	USING TRAIT COLLECTIONS FOR AUTO LAYOUT AND SIZE CLASSES
-	[ ]	UIStepper
-	[ ]	UIStackView with UIScrollView, dynamic content size
-	[ ]	bonjour communication
-	[ ]	UIInterfaceOrientation
-	[ ]	Embed additional languages in Xcode
-	[ ]	watchkit
-	[ ]	SceneKit
-	[ ]	VIPER Architecture
-	[ ]	socket
-	[ ]	Chromecast implementation in ios
-	[ ]	UIKitDynamics
-	[ ]	CallKit
-	[ ]	UIDocumentInteractionController
-	[ ]	Building Data Models in SWIFT and Objective-C
-	[ ]	CoreAudio
-	[ ]	PHLivePhoto
-	[ ]	Socket Implementation
-	[ ]	background gps
-	[ ]	NSSecure​Coding
-	[ ]	NSScanner
-	[ ]	Memory Management
-	[ ]	UIActivity
-	[ ]	MessageKit
-	[ ]	NSOperation
-	[ ]	MessageUI
-	[ ]	UIPresentationController
-	[ ]	ContactsFramework (CNContactStore)
-	[ ]	Bluetooth LE Devices Communication
-	[ ]	HomeKit
-	[ ]	UIPreviewInteraction
-	[ ]	Video Encoding and Decoing
-	[ ]	AVKit
-	[ ]	Thread Management
-	[ ]	UIContainerView
-	[ ]	UIDynamics
-	[ ]	SnapKit
-	[ ]	How to Create a One-Size-Fits-All App for iOS: iOS 8’s Adaptive UI

Commit message:

add NSItemProvider to pass data in drag and drop

README.md, after:

# STUDY iOS w/ Adam
I'm live streaming my studying of StackOverflow's list of 'iOS Documentation' topics. M-F 8pm EST. Feel free to come join me. Code samples here as well as topics covered below.

Here's the [Youtube Live](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd_xY3nvW8VwehHWzTAicHw/live)

-	[x]	[Getting started with iOS](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/Getting-Started-with-iOS)
-	[x]	[UILabel](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/UILabel)
- [x] [Drag and Drop 101](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/Drag-and-Drop-Basics)
- [x] [NSItemProvider to pass data for Drag and Drop](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/NSItemProviders-to-Pass-Data)
-	[x]	[UIStackView](https://github.com/adamontherun/Study-iOS-With-Adam-Live/wiki/UIStackView)
-	[ ]	Auto Layout
-	[ ]	Passing Data between View Controllers
-	[ ]	UIColor
-	[ ]	UIView
-	[ ]	Custom UIViews from XIB files
-	[ ]	UITableView
-	[ ]	Push Notifications
-	[ ]	UIImageView
-	[ ]	UIAlertController
-	[ ]	UILocalNotification
-	[ ]	MVP Architecture
-	[ ]	UICollectionView
-	[ ]	UIImage
-	[ ]	Change Status Bar Color
-	[ ]	XCTest framework - Unit Testing
-	[ ]	UIBezierPath
-	[ ]	UIWebView
-	[ ]	UIScrollView
-	[ ]	NSDate
-	[ ]	NSNotificationCenter
-	[ ]	CAAnimation
-	[ ]	GCD (Grand Central Dispatch)
-	[ ]	Universal Links
-	[ ]	CAGradientLayer
-	[ ]	Debugging Crashes
-	[ ]	Fastlane
-	[ ]	UITextField
-	[ ]	Internationalization
-	[ ]	UITabBarController
-	[ ]	Core Location
-	[ ]	3D Touch
-	[ ]	NSUserDefaults
-	[ ]	UIGestureRecognizer
-	[ ]	Background Modes
-	[ ]	Accessibility
-	[ ]	ARC (Automatic Reference Counting)
-	[ ]	NSTimer
-	[ ]	CALayer
-	[ ]	Managing the Keyboard
-	[ ]	iOS 10 Speech Recognition API
-	[ ]	App Transport Security (ATS)
-	[ ]	Alamofire
-	[ ]	Guideline to choose best iOS Architecture Patterns
-	[ ]	SiriKit
-	[ ]	Keychain
-	[ ]	MKMapView
-	[ ]	Face Detection
-	[ ]	AppDelegate
-	[ ]	MVVM
-	[ ]	Core Graphics
-	[ ]	NSAttributedString
-	[ ]	UINavigationController
-	[ ]	UISearchController
-	[ ]	Checking iOS version
-	[ ]	PDFs
-	[ ]	UITextView
-	[ ]	Custom fonts
-	[ ]	Safari Services
-	[ ]	UIPickerView
-	[ ]	CAShapeLayer
-	[ ]	UIDevice
-	[ ]	GameplayKit
-	[ ]	Handling URL Schemes
-	[ ]	UIAppearance
-	[ ]	Key Value Coding-Key Value Observation
-	[ ]	NSURLSession
-	[ ]	UIPageViewController
-	[ ]	Dynamic Type
-	[ ]	UISwitch
-	[ ]	CGContext Reference
-	[ ]	UIBarButtonItem
-	[ ]	UIActivityViewController
-	[ ]	UIViewController
-	[ ]	Categories
-	[ ]	plist iOS
-	[ ]	Block
-	[ ]	NSPredicate
-	[ ]	Swift and Objective-C interoperability
-	[ ]	UIFont
-	[ ]	Load images async
-	[ ]	Codable
-	[ ]	UIFeedbackGenerator
-	[ ]	UITableViewCell
-	[ ]	Runtime in Objective-C
-	[ ]	ModelPresentationStyles
-	[ ]	Application rating/review request
-	[ ]	Handle Multiple Environment using Macro
-	[ ]	WCSessionDelegate
-	[ ]	Configure Beacons with CoreBluetooth
-	[ ]	CLLocation
-	[ ]	Security
-	[ ]	Profile with Instruments
-	[ ]	UISegmentedControl
-	[ ]	SqlCipher integration
-	[ ]	Segues
-	[ ]	EventKit
-	[ ]	NSBundle
-	[ ]	Snapshot of UIView
-	[ ]	FacebookSDK
-	[ ]	Resizing UIImage
-	[ ]	Navigation Bar
-	[ ]	Make selective UIView corners rounded
-	[ ]	UUID (Universally Unique Identifier)
-	[ ]	Size Classes and Adaptivity
-	[ ]	Custom Keyboard
-	[ ]	UI Testing
-	[ ]	AirPrint tutorial in iOS
-	[ ]	NSHTTPCookieStorage
-	[ ]	UISlider
-	[ ]	Healthkit
-	[ ]	Concurrency
-	[ ]	UIImagePickerController
-	[ ]	In-App Purchase
-	[ ]	iBeacon
-	[ ]	UIButton
-	[ ]	Deep Linking in iOS
-	[ ]	NSData
-	[ ]	AVPlayer and AVPlayerViewController
-	[ ]	Realm
-	[ ]	SWRevealViewController
-	[ ]	WKWebView
-	[ ]	CloudKit
-	[ ]	AWS SDK
-	[ ]	UISplitViewController
-	[ ]	IBOutlets
-	[ ]	Size Classes and Adaptivity
-	[ ]	AFNetworking
-	[ ]	CTCallCenter
-	[ ]	NSURL
-	[ ]	DispatchGroup
-	[ ]	UIControl - Event Handling with Blocks
-	[ ]	Checking for Network Connectivity
-	[ ]	AVSpeechSynthesizer
-	[ ]	Localization
-	[ ]	Core SpotLight in iOS
-	[ ]	Carthage
-	[ ]	CoreImage Filters
-	[ ]	FCM Messaging in Swift
-	[ ]	Create a Custom framework in iOS
-	[ ]	App wide operations
-	[ ]	AirDrop
-	[ ]	SLComposeViewController
-	[ ]	QR Code Scanner
-	[ ]	StoreKit
-	[ ]	App Submission Process
-	[ ]	Basic text file I/O
-	[ ]	UIStoryboard
-	[ ]	Content Hugging/Content Compression in Autolayout
-	[ ]	NSInvocation
-	[ ]	UIRefreshControl TableView
-	[ ]	UILabel text underlining
-	[ ]	MPMediaPickerDelegate
-	[ ]	Graph (Coreplot)
-	[ ]	Contacts Framework
-	[ ]	NSURLConnection
-	[ ]	Code signing
-	[ ]	Initialization idioms
-	[ ]	UIDatePicker
-	[ ]	Custom UITextField
-	[ ]	UIKit Dynamics
-	[ ]	Core Data
-	[ ]	Extension for rich Push Notification - iOS 10.
-	[ ]	Simulator Builds
-	[ ]	GameCenter Leaderboards
-	[ ]	Simulating Location Using GPX files iOS
-	[ ]	Custom methods of selection of UITableViewCells
-	[ ]	OpenGL
-	[ ]	NSArray
-	[ ]	Core Motion
-	[ ]	Simulator
-	[ ]	iOS TTS
-	[ ]	MKDistanceFormatter
-	[ ]	MPVolumeView
-	[ ]	Objective-C Associated Objects
-	[ ]	UIKit Dynamics with UICollectionView
-	[ ]	Cache online images
-	[ ]	Using Image Aseets
-	[ ]	NSUserActivity
-	[ ]	Storyboard
-	[ ]	Background Modes and Events
-	[ ]	Rich Notifications
-	[ ]	Creating an App ID
-	[ ]	UITextField Delegate
-	[ ]	URLSession
-	[ ]	Drag and Drop
-	[ ]	how to use instrument tool in xcode ide
-	[ ]	Vision
-	[ ]	ARKit
-	[ ]	CoreML
-	[ ]	NSUbiquitousKeyValueStore
-	[ ]	UIViewControllerTransitionCoordinator
-	[ ]	UITraitCollection
-	[ ]	CKReference
-	[ ]	CKFetchRecordsOperation
-	[ ]	CKFetchRecordZoneChangesOperation
-	[ ]	CKOperation
-	[ ]	CKFetchDatabaseChangesOperation
-	[ ]	UIAccessibility
-	[ ]	MPPlayableContentManager
-	[ ]	MKDirectionsRequest
-	[ ]	Port Forwarding In Ios
-	[ ]	Haptic feedback
-	[ ]	WatchConnectivity
-	[ ]	Multithreading and Grand Central Dispatch
-	[ ]	USING TRAIT COLLECTIONS FOR AUTO LAYOUT AND SIZE CLASSES
-	[ ]	UIStepper
-	[ ]	UIStackView with UIScrollView, dynamic content size
-	[ ]	bonjour communication
-	[ ]	UIInterfaceOrientation
-	[ ]	Embed additional languages in Xcode
-	[ ]	watchkit
-	[ ]	SceneKit
-	[ ]	VIPER Architecture
-	[ ]	socket
-	[ ]	Chromecast implementation in ios
-	[ ]	UIKitDynamics
-	[ ]	CallKit
-	[ ]	UIDocumentInteractionController
-	[ ]	Building Data Models in SWIFT and Objective-C
-	[ ]	CoreAudio
-	[ ]	PHLivePhoto
-	[ ]	Socket Implementation
-	[ ]	background gps
-	[ ]	NSSecure​Coding
-	[ ]	NSScanner
-	[ ]	Memory Management
-	[ ]	UIActivity
-	[ ]	MessageKit
-	[ ]	NSOperation
-	[ ]	MessageUI
-	[ ]	UIPresentationController
-	[ ]	ContactsFramework (CNContactStore)
-	[ ]	Bluetooth LE Devices Communication
-	[ ]	HomeKit
-	[ ]	UIPreviewInteraction
-	[ ]	Video Encoding and Decoing
-	[ ]	AVKit
-	[ ]	Thread Management
-	[ ]	UIContainerView
-	[ ]	UIDynamics
-	[ ]	SnapKit
-	[ ]	How to Create a One-Size-Fits-All App for iOS: iOS 8’s Adaptive UI
